hey what's up guys today i am going to
recap the story of the movie candy corn
2019.
as the movie starts we see four friends
they were sitting in a restaurant
there were three boys and one girl in
their group one of the boys named mike
they were talking to each other that
halloween is coming so why don't we
mistreat others
mike says that like always i will bully
jacob
i will torture him in fact jacob was an
innocent boy
mike used to tease him every year
hearing this plan their female friend
forbids them
that you should not tease others like
this what is jacob's fault you people
tease him every year
mike says that your question has your
answer we tease him every year and now
we are habitual of it
you don't know it will great fun to
tease him that girl also forbids her
best friend who was present in that
group
that you will not do this but when mike
does not obeys her she leaves from there
then we see that mike and his friend
have eaten food
then they go to the manager to pay the
bill the manager
asks them that halloween is coming what
are your plans for halloween
mike tells him that we will torture a
boy badly
we will have great fun the manager also
shows his interest
he says that i also want to know i want
to see that how will you torture him
mike refuses and says that no this is my
and my friend's plan
that manager requests him at last mike
agrees to take him with him to torture
jacob
now let us know that who was jacob he
was a mental boy whose brain doesn't
work properly
he couldn't think more he loves to eat
candies
he likes corn candy the most he used to
hold that candy with him in a pumpkin
basket
he goes to a festival basically he was
there as a worker
so the owner of the festival asks him to
do the work hardly with his full hard
work
so remember don't do such activities
which can become the reason for our
insult
then that owner says that the show is
about to start so get ready
but as jacob comes outside mike and his
friends were standing in front of him
they start teasing him but jacob was
irritated of bearing all this
he pushes mike in his defense so that he
can't harm him
but mike gets aggressive he starts
beating him badly
his friends were also beating him due to
it
jacob dies there the female friend of
mike was also seeing this all happening
because she was standing there secretly
but she was nervous
that how can they take someone's life
then we see that when mike and his
friends go home
they were not regretting that they had
taken someone's life
because they say that there was jacob's
fault we torture him every year and he
bears our torture
but this year to protect himself he
pushed me
so can't i be angry means they were so
cruel
on the other side we see that the female
friend of mike was feeling bad for jacob
when the owner of the festival sees that
someone had killed jacob
he gets aggressive that how can someone
kill my worker
he was a good-hearted man he lifts up
jacob's body and takes him inside
he puts a mask on his face after it
he performs a ritual due to it the soul
of someone comes into jacob's body
now the injured jacob becomes revive to
take revenge
for his murder from them on the other
side we see that the female friend of
mike goes to the sheriff of the town
she tells him everything that who killed
jacob and how they kill him
hearing it sheriff says okay i noted but
still i didn't receive any report about
it
but when sheriff comes to know that his
son was also included in those persons
who tortured him he didn't believe this
that i am the sheriff and how my son can
do this
he directly goes to the owner of that
festival he asks him that where is jacob
what has happened to him that owner says
that they misunderstood that he is dead
he was injured and i have sent her home
to take some rest
that was the truth we can't count
jacob's death after this action of that
owner
the sheriff goes to jacob's house and
knocks on the door
but when none opens the door he returns
then we see the female friend of mike
her friend comes to meet her he tells
her that sheriff has done an
investigation
he comes to know that jacob is still
alive hearing it
she gets calm that thank god he is alive
then we see the manager who killed jacob
along with mike
he was telling someone that my halloween
was so good
i had a lot of fun for the very first
time
after it he goes to the washroom and
there was the pumpkin basket
there was the corn candy in that basket
he was about to eat it
meanwhile jacob arrives there jacob
kills him badly while tearing his belly
this means he has taken revenge on his
one murderer
sheriff also arrives there and starts
investigating
candy corn was spread everywhere when
sheriff investigates he comes to know
that manager was also included in the
group that tortured jacob
he gets suspicious that it was done by
jacob
jacob had killed him the female friend
of mike was also there and she came with
her best friend
the sheriff also tells everything they
tell everything to mike and his friends
mike says that it is not possible that
jacob murders someone
he has no courage if he had the courage
he could save himself
and maybe some enemy of the manager
killed him it's not necessary that it
was jacob
they all agree with him that maybe that
was just their thought
but as they leave the house of mike's
friend he feels strange movements
when he moves forward he also sees that
pumpkin basket
he gets surprised at how it comes here
meanwhile
in this shock jacob attacks him he
places him with the wall and pulls his
spinal cord with his hand
due to it he immediately dies on the
other side
we see that sheriff was suspicious about
jacob that these murders are done by
jacob
he again goes to the owner of that
festival that owner says that i have
told you that he was injured and i have
sent him home for rest
they were talking meanwhile a police
officer comes there
he tells sheriff that mike's one more
friend is killed
when sheriff goes there he also finds
corn candy there
now the suspicion of sheriff had become
truth
he goes to jacob's house but he didn't
find jacob there
when he sees under his bed he finds a
strange dead body
that was an old dead body that was the
dead body of jacob's mother
but there wasn't any concern of this
dead body from the other murders
sheriff himself goes in search of jacob
he asks his son mike to stay at home
and don't come outside because there is
a danger for your life
sheriff stops the festivals carnivals
and events of the whole city
he asks everyone to stay at their homes
hearing it
they all get angry the staff of the
owner of the festival also becomes
aggressive with him
that you are hiding something from us
this is happening because of you
how will we earn then one of the men
named bishop meets with the owner of
that festival
he says that whatever you are doing is
all right
whatever you will say i'll believe you
that owner says yes i am doing all right
the people like is the average people
are always being tortured
the rich people like mike used to
torture us
they are habitual of this to tease
others and hurt them
actually mike and his friends killed
jacob i only make him revive so that he
can take revenge for his murder
so you tell me is it wrong this thing
also reveals in front of the staff
members of the owner
they agree to support that owner because
he was speaking the truth
we have to take steps against the people
who torture others
then we see that the female friend of
mike and her friend were at a place
that girl goes inside for some time and
when she comes outside
she sees the dead body of that boy she
couldn't understand that what was
happening
meanwhile jacob follows her he pulls out
her tongue
due to it she also dies at that time the
sheriff also arrives that place where
where that
female and her friend to check that are
they all right
when he goes inside he sees their dead
bodies there
he understands the whole thing he calls
his son mike
he says that you're all friends are
killed so you don't come outside from
the house stay in your home because now
jacob will kill you
but mike gets aggressive he moves out
from his house to that carnival's place
so that he can ask the owner that what
is the problem
but then a man of that owner makes him
faint when the sheriff reaches home and
he searched for his son but he couldn't
find him there
he sees the owner of that festival there
he points a gun at him and asks where is
my son
but hen bishop comes from his back and
makes him faint while attacking him
then moving forward that owner separates
his head from his body with a knife
due to it he dies now we see mike when
he opens his eyes he sees that he is
tied with a chair
there is none around him he is helpless
then he sees the car of sheriff coming
from a far distance
to see his father's car he becomes happy
that my father comes to save me
but this was his misunderstanding his
father wasn't in that car
his head was upon the car cut off the
head
mike starts crying while seeing his
father's head
he knew that he will also be killed
because his father isn't there
everyone is killed nobody's left then
jacob comes in front of him after
torturing him he will kill him
he separates his arms from his body then
he takes out his teeth one by
one like this he kills him while
torturing him
the scene changes and we see the owner
of that festival
he was doing his festival in the other
city there he gives a necklace to a girl
that was made by the teeth of mike he
was telling her about jacob
that girl says that i didn't believe
this that how he become revive and how
he kills others
so that owner tells her that some
peoples take other's life for no reason
to make them learn a lesson jacob was
revived
then in the last scene of the movie we
see that jacob was sitting in his house
while wearing that mask and he was
eating his favorite corn candy
with this the movie ends thank you for
watching